This directory and its subdirectorys contain sources for the Brown b
editor (bb).  This is not officially supported and should not be
widely distributed without the consent of persons at Brown University.

The Makefile should create a new copy of the editor as newedit in this
directory.  The command we use to install it is 'make bb'.  Note this
runs bb and asks about a new file.  'a' is the proper response.

The editor uses one or two non-standard features in addition to much of
Berkeley unix.	Specific brown features that are handled are the lcnt
option for display terminals.  It expects that ^q and ^s work correctly
on the terminal.

The editor can be customized by modifying the file parameters to reset
default settings for much of its logic.  This includes such system-y
features as the directory to use for temporary files, where the help
file is to be stored, etc.  The editor uses termcap with minor additions
(see dwtcinfo) for output, and uses the file /etc/binpdef to define the
input mapping on a terminal-type basis.  Our current termcap and binpdef
files are included.  The recovery program may also have to be changed if
the directory to be used for temporarys or backup is changed.

The editor will create backups in directory bBACKUP.  The number of backups
to be stored can be controled by the appropriate parameter.  Temporary files
are kept fairly up to date and the editor can sometimes recover from system
crashes.  This code needs some work however.  The bBACKUP directorys will
be created as necessary.  It is suggested that if the editor is widely used
on a system, that a background program be written to purge bBACKUP directorys
of files that are older than some given number of days.

The editor is quite flexible and it is easy to add new commands, special
code for new languages (eg. indentation), and special language-specific
commands.  We would be interested in hearing of any modifications that are
made.

Documentation as it currently exists is in the doc subdirectory.  This includes
the on-line help file (which should be properly installed), displays suitable
for cat'ing to the benson-varion printer to make a crib sheet for various
terminals, and a preliminary user's manual.  The editor contains a number of
features that are only hinted at in the documentation however.

Comments, suggestions, (and bugs) are always appreciated.  Known bugs that
currently exist include:
   1)  Improper handling of column 80 of a line at times
   2)  Encrypted files can be randomly reencrypted under certain
	   circumstances.  Care should be taken when switching from
	   or to such a file within the editor.
   3)  The window display is not completely reinitialized when the screen
	   is redrawn after an exit or reset
   4)  The order of saving the temp file can cause loss of information if
	   the system crashes at the wrong time (which it always does).
   5)  c indentation has a few anomalys.  It should be slightly more
	   intelligent about various aspects of the language
   6)  Redrawing the screen should be improved, especially within a line.
	   Possibly by replacing terminal.c with curses.  Note that terminal.c
	   is more sophisticated on inter-line updating.  The scheme of cmu
	   from the text conference should possibly be used.
   7)  History should not be kept of undo commands, allowing the command
	   count to be more accurate (double or triple what you want for now).
	   Also there should be a re-do command.  Also undo should work over
	   file changes.
